Webhook intro update (#818)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/webhooks.mdx

  webhook endpoint.
---

> Webhooks let you send the events generated via RudderStack's **Event Streams** and <Link to="/sources/reverse-etl/">Reverse ETL</Link> sources. It is useful in cases where you want to apply some custom logic on the event payload before sending it to your preferred destination platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webhooks let you send the events generated via RudderStack's <Link to="/sources/sdks/">SDKs</Link>, <Link to="/sources/cloud-apps/">Cloud Apps</Link>, and <Link to="/sources/reverse-etl/">Reverse ETL</Link> sources. It is useful in cases where you want to apply some custom logic on the event payload before sending it to your preferred destination platforms.
```

Reviewer: Temp change until we have an Event Streams landing page, then we can revert to your change. WDYT?
